film of cleto posters last night and
the nights of the beasts and images of
max steel welcome to television
comic book artist from Spain anacleto
we have it on the web and start shooting
of anacleto secret agent created by
manuel vázquez gallego in 1964 that is the
story is a bit of a parody of 007
which says according to Vázquez that it was based
a little bit in agent 86 the movie is
is going to shoot in real action what I
I consider it an error since that is a bit
a position of baz is this way of
little chorra drawings did not do
here in Spain they could have done it
animation like the new one of mortadelo and
filemón and stop doing it in person
because better in animation like that because
they are pretty much better so in this
it would also be better the director of the
film and ruiz caldera director of three
weddings of more ghost production and
spanish mobile in the cast we have a
imanol arias good about the series
'tell me how it happened' during
many years in gutierrez that we have
could see in four bands and the great
Spanish family and three more balls
there are also alexandra jiménez carlos
areces and see with romeo things or go to
be in anacleto the two in principle to
I have not been called to tell me no
we are not going to do very
good friends so following the
wake of movies like johnny english
or the super agent 86 himself comes to this
Spanish film that we hope will be
fairly good
poster of the new simon movie
pegg hector and the search for the
happiness in which we have in the
cast by how we can see jean reindeer
so it can be interesting posters of
anartz and the night of the beasts in the
that we can see how putting together
desserts the word pulque appears on the
purge it seems to me that these posters have
copied from the dawn of the planet of the
simians' are pretty similar do not say
equal only with the other actors
everything is usual that is copied
on the posters if people like it
first image of sacha baron cohen in
the movie kris meeke his problem of a
spy who finds out that he has a
brother who is a footballer and I imagine
that is Baron Cohen will be here the
footballer for the clothes he is wearing or what
better I'm wrong and it will be the spy or what
better is twin brother and they are both the
It is still unknown what he interprets
here they were called cohen but we can already
see him characterized there with that aspect
there is a little eighties
first images of adaptation
cinematographic of the toys of
mattel of max textile in the cast is
know we have andy garcía that we have
seen the saga of ocean's eleven already
maria bello that we could see in the
prisoner and in the least good
big boys two the protagonist of
this movie is ben weeks the one
will interpret max and we could see
only in some disney chanel series
as a top secret spy of
the city as a fan of funk school
talent that's why I'm training
I am a new student my name is ticonderoga
Dixon Ticonderoga nothing to play
a teenager with powers what happens
that will not have tone until it
join with an extraterrestrial and then
there will be when the powers to surface and
in this 33 because obviously it is not
celeste will be steel and he is max max steel
for more film news subscribe to
channel and that's all friends